Revisions for the Methods Section (#24)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/03.methods.md

### Datasets

#### BioRxiv
BioRxiv [@doi:10.1101/833400] is a repository for biological and biomedical research preprints.
We downloaded an xml snapshot of this repository on February 3, 2020 from   bioRxiv's Amazon S3 resource [@url:https://www.biorxiv.org/tdm] that contained the full text and image content of 98,023 preprints.
Preprints on bioRxiv are versioned, and in our snapshot 26,905 out of 98,023 contained more than one version.
When preprints had multiple versions, we used only the latest one. 
Preprints in this snapshot were grouped into one of twenty-nine different categories by researchers submitting to _bioRxiv_.
Each preprint was also classified either as a new result, confirmatory finding, or contradictory finding.

> Some preprints in this snapshot were withdrawn from bioRxiv and their content is replaced with the reason for withdrawal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some preprints in this snapshot were withdrawn from bioRxiv: when this happens their content is replaced with the reason for withdrawal.
```
